---
title: "Trends In Open Science: A Bibliometric Analysis of Research Topics, Citations, Journals, and Productive Entities"
citation: 'Mahfooz Ahmed, Roslina Othman, Mohamad Fauzan Noordin. (2023). &quot; Trends In Open Science: A Bibliometric Analysis of Research Topics, Citations, Journals, and Productive Entities .&quot; <i>Journal of Information Systems and Digital Technologies</i>. 0(0). <a href="https://doi.org/10.31436/jisdt.v5i2.422" target="_blank"> DOI: 10.31436/jisdt.v5i2.422</a>'
---

A transformative shift has redefined how scientific research is conducted and shared in the digital era. Open Science is emerging as a transparent, collaborative, and accessible paradigm at the forefront of this revolution. This study undertakes a comprehensive Bibliometric analysis to explore the multifaceted landscape of Open Science, addressing key aspects such as prevalent topics, top-cited papers, leading journals, productive countries, and active institutions. Utilizing a robust dataset from the Scopus online database, which encompasses scholarly literature, scientific publications, and open-access journals across diverse disciplines, the research employs advanced quantitative techniques to delineate the contours of Open Science. The findings reveal critical areas and topics, influential authors and works, prominent journals, and pioneering countries and institutions that shape the discourse. A geographical analysis further emphasizes the importance of both national and international collaboration in the Open Science movement. Beyond contributing to academic understanding, this research provides essential insights for a wide range of stakeholders, from researchers to policymakers, and reflects on the broader implications of the findings. The paper concludes by projecting a path for future explorations, including emerging topics such as artificial intelligence, metadata, and ethics in Open Science, and offers lessons from the Open Science practices in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, making it a valuable guide for the ongoing evolution of scientific research and collaboration.
